Dexter  woke  up  one day, this day initially being no different from any other in the 15  years  he  worked at
Miamo Metro Police Department. He got dressed, brushed his teeth, prepared his coffee, and checked on his blood
slides. However, when he arrived at his lab,  he saw a new man there,  who  was  placing a box of items on  his
desk.  When Dexter  saw this,  he approached  his best-friend  Angel and asked him who this new man was. "James
Doakes,"  Angel  replied,  "He's  ex-special  ops.  No  one knows why he was  transferred here though."  Dexter
thanked Angel and  returned to his lab,  feeling wary  about this potential  new threat.  Knowing that he had a
lot  of work to do  on the latest  Ice Truck Killer killing,  he decided to not dwell on it for too long.  That
night,  Dexter vets a  potential target to ensure  that they are guilty.  A few days later,  all of Miami Metro
Homicide,  including Dexter,  attend another briefing  on the Ice Truck Killer investigation.  Captain Laguerta
once again  states that he is  the most prolific  serial killer  in Miami history,  as far  as the  police  are
aware anyway, having killed 7 people in the last 5 months.  Dexter slightly smiles to himself as she says this,
thinking that  it's somewhat funny  how "prolific"  they think this killer is,  while they are entirely unaware
that they  are sitting in the room  with the most prolific serial killer in world history.  After the briefing,
though, he knows that he must sabotage the investigation and eliminate the Ice Truck Killer. First, he needs to
kill  the pedophile that  he's been stalking.  When Dexter gets off  work that day,  he goes to Rita's house to
spend time with her and the kids until around sunset,  when he tells them that he's going back home and changes
into his kill outfit.  He then drives to  and parks near the  pedophile's house,  lockpicks the back door,  and
hides in the shadows, waiting for him to come home. Nearly an hour later, the man arrives and prepares to watch
television; however, just as the man sits on the couch and turns the TV on, Dexter chokes him with his left arm
and injects him  in the right side of his neck with M99,  an animal tranquilizer  approximately 3000 times more
potent than morphine, which Dexter uses for all of his kills.  The man is startled and is easily overpowered by
Dexter.  Dexter then uses the next few hours to set up his kill room in the man's kitchen, setting plastic wrap
up over all of the walls and items in the room,  wraps the man to his central island  from head to toe with the
rest of the plastic wrap,  and makes the man  breathe smelling salts  to wake him up.  The man  instantly jolts
awake as if he got tased,  and Dexter quickly stands as well to confront him. "Hello, Mr. Diaz," Dexter said in
a monotone voice, staring into Mr. Diaz's eyes. Diaz doesn't respond immediately, examining the room,  which is
dark and sterile, eerier than any nightmare a man could have. "Wh.. Why are you doing this to me? I.. I didn...
I didn't do anything to you!" Diaz stammered.

they always had,  until one day  during  a crime scene  investigation,  Doakes began  to  realize  how  excited
Dexter gets when describing crime scenes, and how Dexter acts around people as if it's all  an act.  Meanwhile,
Miami Metro  is  hunting the  Ice Truck Killer,  the only  currently known serial killer  in Miami.  In secret,
Doakes stalks  Dexter at night  in an attempt  to find what  he is hiding,  for Doakes  knows  that  Dexter  is
connected to the  Ice Truck Killer  because  of his many unexplainable interactions with the  Ice Truck Killer.
Unaware  of what Doakes  is doing,  Dexter kidnaps  a serial pedophile  and sets up his kill room in a secluded
building. Doakes is following him,  though,  and immediately  before  Dexter plunges his glistening knife  into
the man's heart,  Doakes interrupts Dexter,  gun  in hand,  telling  Dexter  to surrender. Dexter  pretends  to
surrender,  but  when Doakes approaches him  to handcuff him,  Dexter fights back, overpowering Doakes, injects
him  with M99,  and puts him  in his vehicle.  Putting his current kill on hold,  Dexter drives to an abandoned
cabin in the woods,  sets up  a steel cage,  and locks Doakes in it.  Dexter then returns  to his kill room  to
finish the kill, and returns to his cabin.  By this time,  Doakes is awake and begins to talk to Dexter, trying
to convince him to turn himself in, or to let him go. Dexter initally wants to kill Doakes as an easy solution,
but  it would break his  father's code  which states that  Dexter should never kill an  innocent person,  which
Doakes is.  "The first rule  of the code  is to never get caught."  Dexter thought to himself nervously, unsure
of what he could do.  Ultimately,  Dexter decides  to make the  Bay Harbor Butcher's  existence known  to Miami
Metro,  and to frame Doakes  as the Bay Harbor Butcher,  releasing Doakes  afterward  for the justice system to
handle.
