                              Percy Jackson & Olympians
                                  The Lightning Thief


Give a description of each of the following Greek Mythological figures. Include their status –
for example, god, demigod, hero, satyr, etc. Include aspects of their background such as who
were their kids, who were their parents, what they were gods of, what heroic act did they
accomplish, etc.

Give the pronunciation of each.
   1. Dionysus
   2. Aphrodite
   3. Chiron
   4. Minotaur
   5. Hermes
   6. Naiad
   7. Poseidon
   8. Hades
   9. Argus
   10. Perseus
   11. Persephone
   12. Pan
   13. Iris
   14. Echidna
   15. Prometheus
   16. Ares
   17. Hera
   18. Kronos
   19. Theseus
   20. Orpheus
   21. Jason
   22. Demeter
   23. Hephaestus
                                          The Lightning Thief

All answer should be complete sentences; most answers should be at least a paragraph.

    1.  Why has Percy Jackson been to six schools in six years?
    2.  Who is the narrator of the story?
    3.  Describe Percy.
    4.  Describe Percy’s best friend. Give a description of him both before the field trip and after.
    5.  Describe the strange event that takes place at the field trip to the museum.
    6.  Describe life, up to the sixth grade, for Percy.
    7.  What happens to Percy’s mother?
    8.  What did Percy have to fight just before he made it into camp half blood? Describe the fight and any spoils
        of the fight. After the fight, what was Percy given to drink that helped him recover from his injuries?
    9. How many cabins were there at camp half blood. How were the campers assigned to the camps? Which
        camp was Percy initially assigned to and why?
    10. Describe the initiation that Clarisse planned for Percy. How did that go awry for Clarisse?
    11. Who is Annabeth?
    12. What was Annabeth’s plan to capture the flag? How did her plan incorporate Percy?
    13. Who was Percy’s father, and how did he discover his father’s identity?
    14. Why does Percy go to the oracle? What does the oracle tell him?
    15. Give at least two interpretations of the last sentence of the oracle.
    16. When Percy leaves the camp with Grover and Annabeth, what is his mission? Why is the mission
        necessary?
    17. What is the hilt of a sword?
    18. Give a summary of the meeting with Auntie Em? Include details such as her initial appearance, strange
        things about her and her surroundings, clues that the author gives that she is more than just a shopkeeper,
        why Percy and his friends go to her place, why do they stay, what is the ultimate conflict and resolution of
        this encounter.
    19. What did Percy do with Medusa’s head?
    20. Who was Medusa and what had caused her situation?
    21. Who was Thalia, and what had happened to her?
    22. What does Percy's fight with Echidna reveal about his character? What elements does this part of the story
        share in common with stories of super heroes such as Spiderman, Superman, Batman? What new things
        does Percy discover about himself?
    23. What happens at the Lotus Casino. A website suggested that the author, Riordan, is describing what he
        believes happens to children who watch too much television and become addicted to electronic games.
        They stop thinking; they forget about time, people, and everything but their own pleasure. These
        amusements are a trap. Do you agree that the author is making this claim? Do you think that television
        and video games become addictions that lead to less thinking and that these amusements are traps?
    24. What happens to Percy’s step-dad? Is this answer stated or implied in the story?
    25. What was the main conflict of this story? How was it resolved? This answer should be at least one page
        long?
    26. Summarize the ending of the story.
    27. In detail, explain the meaning of the oracle.
    28. A website states the following:
               In the Underworld, Percy makes the decision not to save his mother's life so he can stop
               the war between the gods. He makes an ethical decision that puts the happiness of many
               before his own desires. He makes a similar decision not to save his mother from Gabe at
               the end of the story;
         Do you agree with this assessment? For instance, if Percy had saved his mother, and the war of the gods
         had destroyed civilization, would that have led to happiness for Percy and his mother? Is Percy really
         putting his mother’s happiness before his own by not destroying Gabe?

